Update tutorial-define-index.asciidoc (#76973)
elastic/kibana: docs/getting-started/tutorial-define-index.asciidoc

. In the *Index pattern name* field, enter `shakes*`.
+
[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/tutorial-pattern-1.png[image describing how to create index pattern, specifically entering "shakes*" in index pattern name field]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/tutorial-pattern-1.png[Image showing how to enter shakes* in Index Pattern Name field]
```
